c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.exe.config
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAHome.g.cs
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAResultsPage.g.cs
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.exe
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.pdb
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAHome.baml
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAResultsPage.baml
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.g.resources
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.exe
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.pdb
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\PatternShapes.g.cs
c:\users\jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\PatternShapes.baml
C:\Users\Jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQASplash.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQASplash.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.exe.config
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.exe
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.pdb
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.exe
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\bin\Debug\JDQA.pdb
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAHome.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAResultsPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQASplash.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\PatternShapes.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAHome.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQAResultsPage.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQASplash.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\PatternShapes.baml
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.g.resources
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\JDQA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\Results.g.cs
C:\Users\Jet\Documents\GitHub\jdqa\JDQA\JDQA\obj\Debug\Results.baml
